Add info on grafana with KES/KMS (#1072)
minio/docs: source/operations/monitoring/grafana.rst

MinIO provides a Grafana Dashboard for MinIO Server metrics.
For specifics on the dashboard's configuration, see the `JSON file on GitHub <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/minio/minio/master/docs/metrics/prometheus/grafana/minio-dashboard.json>`__.

> If :ref:`KES <minio-sse-data-encryption>` is setup and the MinIO server process has access to the KES metrics, the dashboard includes metrics for the KMS, including status, request error rates, and request success rates.

Reviewer: Maybe break up the long sentence?
```suggestion
If :ref:`KES <minio-sse-data-encryption>` is configured and the MinIO server process has access to the KES metrics, the dashboard includes metrics for the KMS. Available metrics include status, request error rates, and request success rates.
```

Reviewer 2: i'll also take a shot here

```suggestion
For MinIO Deployments running with :ref:`Server-Side Encryption <minio-sse-data-encryuption>` (SSE-KMS or SSE-S3), the dashboard includes metrics for the KMS.
These metrics include status, request error rates, and request success rates.
```

I *

Reviewer: Ooo I like Ravind's option. 👍🏻
